That's enough!
Pass my will
An Guiren is to continue the royal blood
Merit should be rewarded with a hundred taels of gold
Pearl Stone Tiger
Lingtai Hospital guards day and night
Keep it safe
Although Emperor Xie and Concubine Yuan are suspected of endangering the Imperial Temple
But it happened for a reason
And not hometown
An Guiren is also safe and sound
He punished Concubine Yuan and grounded her in Ziluo Palace for ten days
The emperor's move to harm the imperial temple cannot be stopped
Are you going to teach me how to do things?
Why don't I come to you tomorrow?
The concubine did not dare to hang the Emperor Ping to call the shots
If the emperor finds the bracelet, it will be troublesome
Why are your hands frostbitten?
Don't get in the way
Come in and talk
Original Empress
Lunch is here today
Send it up
Hey, even if our empress is grounded, it is still the original.
How can I eat these things?
Do you like it or not?
If you don't eat it, I'll take it away.
Father-in-law let's eat
Thank you father-in-law
Miss, this is too bullying.
It doesn't matter. One day we'll go out.
Then double the reward